# Jobeet
- Clone Project from Repo into Local machine. 
- Run "docker-compose up" to install the docker container with all neccesseray services.
- Check config database.yml for Access Data for mysql server
- Went to https://symfony.com/legacy/doc/jobeet/1_4/en/01?orm=Doctrine to read the legacy docs about project installation.
- https://symfony.com/legacy/doc/gentle-introduction/1_4/en/02-Exploring-Symfony-s-Code
  - Flat structured php example vs mvc design structure
  - index.php / frontend_dev.php called frontcontrollers

### Descriptions
**apps/	Hosts all project applications
cache/	The files cached by the framework
config/	The project configuration files
data/	Data files like initial fixtures
lib/	The project libraries and classes
log/	The framework log files
plugins/	The installed plugins
test/	The unit and functional test files
web/	The web root directory (see below)
web/legacy/images/ for images
web/~css|CSS~/ for stylesheets 
web/js/ for JavaScripts
sfController is the controller class. It decodes the request and hands it to the action.
sfRequest stores all the request elements (parameters, cookies, headers, and so on).
sfResponse contains the response headers and contents. This is the object that will eventually be converted to an HTML response and be sent to the user**
apps/frontend/config/view.yml defines assets added to all templates

### helpers
php symfony list - Show all symfony cli commands
docker exec -it f79e2adc663fac3093874dfdff3c9db16bd838dbeaf3898baca25c2e5789cf92 /bin/bash - sh into jobeet apache container

### Problems
  - Fatal error: require_once(): Failed opening required '../lib/vendor/symfony/1.4/lib/autoload/sfCoreAutoload.class.php' (include_path='.:/opt/homebrew/Cellar/php@7.4/7.4.33/share/php@7.4/pear')
    - Solution => copy server symfony to local lib folder
  - get address info. connection to db host.
    - Solution => Change host jobeet-db to localhost:8002
  - "symfony/1.4/lib/plugins/sfDoctrinePlugin/lib/database/sfDoctrineDatabase.class.php): failed to open stream: No such file or directory in /var/www/jobeet/lib/vendor/symfony/1.4/lib/autoload/sfAutoload.class.php on line 188"
    - clear cache php symfony cache:clear
  - had to swtich db host back to jobeet-db to access db data

### Steps
1. Created schema.yml jobeet
2. php symfony doctrine:build-schema - Created schema.yml
2. php symfony doctrine:build --model - Generates PHP files in the lib/model/ directory that can be used to interact with the database. Generated by data from config/doctrine/schema.yml 
3. php symfony doctrine:build --sql - Generate sql queries to create databases
4. php symfony doctrine:insert-sql - Load generated sql queries in mysql. 
5. Create fixtures for sample data.
6. php symfony doctrine:data-load - load sample fixtures data
7. php symfony doctrine:build --all --and-load - generate forms, filters for jobeet
8. php symfony doctrine:generate-module --non-verbose-templates frontend job JobeetJob - Create frontend templates and actions for specific model 
9. Added Styling main.css
10. Added new route /jobs in routing.yml wich refers to indexAll action.
11. Added new action indexAll with custom query.
12. Set "index" template for custom action
